Nick Leeds
Diego Cuadros
Reggie Brown

1) What is a computer system?
It is a combination of both hardware and software working together to complete extremely quick functions. 
The CPU fetches data from different places within the computer and decodes them and then sends instructions 
to other parts of the computer telling them what to do.

2) What are some of the parts of a computer system?
CPU, GPU, RAM, input/output devices, ALU, address busses, registers. 

3) What is the difference between a compiled language and an intepreted language?
Compiled language requires a compiler to translate it to machine code before it can be executed. 
Whereas interpreted language can be run and interpreted without needing to be translated or interpreted.

4) Is C a compiled language?
Yes, because it is one step away from being able to be run, that step is being translated into machine code. 

5) Who invented the C language?
Dennis Ritchie

6) How long has C been in use?
Since 1972.

7) Is a compiler a translator?
Yes, we believe it is because when it compiles code, it is translating (compiling) it from a more “advanced” 
language to machine code. 

8) Is an assembler a translator?
Yes, because we also believe that an assembler translates assembly code into machine code, 
and therefore translating (compiling) the code into 1s and 0s. 

9) What is the command to list out the contents of a directory on a mac terminal window?
ls

10) What does the C function atof() do? 
It gets a string and turns it into an actual number 

11) What are the bottom two layers of a computer system? Give a brief desciption of each.
The bottom 0 layer is digital logic, which consists of Circuits, Gates, and more, while the layer that comes 
after that is the Control layer, which consists of microcode or hardwired systems.

12) What are the three steps of the Von Neumann Architecture?
The three steps are fetch, decode, and execute. Fetch grabs data, decode decodes or translates that data that 
was grabbed into necessary instructions, and execute uses those instructions to do a certain task

13) What is the purpose of an ALU?
The purpose of an ALU is to execute decoded instruction, like small logic operations, and is responsible for 
core data processing tasks of a CPU

14) What is a register?
A small location in the CPU that can store small and fast things, like memory addresses or instructions being executed.

15) What is one difference between Application software and System software?
Application software is designed for the user and to help them navigate apps and the interface more efficiently 
while system software is designed to help the computer run more efficiently. 

16) Is the phrase cmp rdi, rsi machine language?
No, because machine language is in binary. 

17) How many buses are included in the system bus?
There are 3: the address bus, the control bus, and the data bus

18) What is the decimal value of 100101112? 
75

19) What is the decimal value of 111111112?
255

20) What is the largest unsigned integer value that will fit into 16 bits? 
65535
